daprd doc (#1662)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/daprd-reference.md

> ---

Reviewer: - [ ] Please nest this page under a directory named `dapr-services`.
- [ ] Add an `_index.md` dile under `dapr-services` with front matter describing it.

Reviewer: @orizohar I see this conflicts with your feedback, but I think we should add a "Dapr services" folder so we can add additional references on dapr-placement, dapr-sidecar-injector, and other Dapr services.

type: docs

> title: "daprd reference"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "daprd sidecar process reference"
```

> linkTitle: "daprd reference"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "daprd"
```

weight: 300

> description: "Detailed information on daprd and usage"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Detailed information on the daprd process and usage examples"
```

---

> Dapr runs along side an application as a [sidecar](https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/overview/#sidecar-architecture). The sidecar is in practice a process running in the same environment as the application or in a separate container depending on where the application is hosted. For a self-hosted environment, the CLI command `dapr run` starts the sidecar as a process and for a Kubernetes environment the dapr-sidecar-injector does injects a container with a daprd process into the application's pod. After installing Dapr locally on your machine the `dapr init` command places the `daprd` executable in `.dapr/bin` under your home directory.

Reviewer: Use docs references instead of a direct link https://docs.dapr.io/contributing/contributing-docs/#referencing-other-pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview

The daprd process is what you think of as "Dapr". It is the process that offers the various Dapr [building blocks]({{< ref building-blocks >}}) through HTTP and gRPC APIs to your application.

The daprd process runs alongside your application as a [sidecar]({{< ref "overview.md#sidecar-architecture" >}}), either as a process in a self-hosted environment or as a container within the application pods in a Kubernetes environment.

## Installation

When initializing Dapr in self-hosted mode via `dapr init`, the daprd binary is installed to the`.dapr/bin` directory within your home directory. Running `dapr run` will launch a daprd process alongside your application.

On Kubernetes, `dapr init -k` will install the [dapr-sidecar-injector service]({{< ref kubernetes-overview.md >}}), which will watch for new pods with the `dapr.io/enabled` annotation and inject a container with the daprd process within the pod.
```

> In most cases you would not need to run daprd explicitly, as the sidecar is either launched by the CLI (self-hosted mode) or by the Dapr control plane (Kubernetes). Examples of times when launching daprd directly may be useful include debugging, to find the application the sidecar is attached to or if the environment being used makes it unfeasible to use `dapr run` (e.g. automating sidecar launch on a VM) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running directly

In most cases you do not need to run daprd explicitly, as the sidecar is either launched by the CLI (self-hosted mode) or by the dapr-sidecar-injector service (Kubernetes). 

For advanced use cases (debugging, scripted deployments, etc.) the daprd process can be launched directly.
```

> ## Usage examples
> 
> daprd can be used with several arguments in different scenarios. For a detailed list of all available arguments run: `daprd --help` or see this [table](https://docs.dapr.io/reference/arguments-annotations-overview/) for a comprehensive comparison between daprd options with CLI and Kubernestes annotation options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed list of all available arguments run `daprd --help` or see this [table]({{< ref arguments-annotations-overview.md >}}).

### Examples
```

1. Start a sidecar along an application by specifying its unique ID. Note `--app-id` is a required field:

```bash
~/.dapr/bin/daprd --app-id myapp
```

2. Specify the port your application is listening to

```bash
~/.dapr/bin/daprd --app-id --app-port 5000
```
3. If you are using several custom components and want to specify the location of the component definition files, use the `--components-path` argument:

```bash
~/.dapr/bin/daprd --app-id myapp --components-path ~/.dapr/components
```

4. Enable collection of Prometheus metrics while running your app

```bash
~/.dapr/bin/daprd --app-id myapp --enable-metrics

> ```

Reviewer: - [ ] Please indent code examples with 3 spaces
- [ ] Include both Windows and Linux/macOS examples via code tabs: https://docs.dapr.io/contributing/contributing-docs/#tabbed-content
